What is it?
Your attention goes to which places is the point you try to see around more
You see first of all in meditation. You must discuss this and there are many others who can tell you [they'll] work it up and
Secondly the best way you see to put your eyes on the mother Earth
Concentrate on the mother Earth is the best way when you are walking
Keep your eyes on the mother Earth if somebody is talking to you keep your eyes on the mother earth you
[see] then you will absorb everything better and will be stationed better
All right
As a very good thing [to] think about that our attention should not be filtered off
gradually you will settle down
I think most of you who have come for the first time will find it a little difficult in the beginning to adjust
but gradually you will because first of all our attention goes to small small things like
have to sit on the ground or
You have to go by buses or some sort of a filthy thing you see somewhere
So the attention always goes to the defects and to the loopholes and to the filth because attention has been like that
but then it starts going to the places of beauty in little little things you start seeing the beauty in little little things you start seeing the
Divine and then thus the time you should know that your attention will enjoy
Everything but normally you see the attention especially the kind of attentions we have goes to [the] wrong things
What is the loophole we start judging everyone
everyone we start judging every place now see this place
If you sit here to me it is marvelous, to you it may be just made out of what disdaining business is that?
All that you will start thinking to me. It's beautiful
Because I see these beautiful
Sari spread here and the beautiful flower arrangements beautifully done
something so special and the background and everything done with such care
How did they go there [and] how do they have these things tied up its
remarkable all these things come to my mind and I start feeling very
Overjoyed that my boys have worked so hard to put all these [things] up and how nicely how they must have arranged it all these ideas
Come to my head, and I feel very elevated. I don't see the tins
I don't see anything else it is what you see where your attention goes?
So try to see something beautiful
There's so many beautiful things that one can see now where what I see is the heart of my children
The way they have done it, isn't it?
If you are [a] deep person you can see how they have spread the [Sari] sweetly how they have spread the flowers how they've done it
So the it is the attention where does it go?
When you start seeing for yourself, what is my comfort? [I] should have these I should have that then there is no job